The logo on the Red Bull cans are not cattle, but a type of bovine called a “gaur.”
The collective group of lemurs is called a conspiracy.
On average, 46.1% of Americans have less than $10,000 in assets when they die.
The name for a collective group of rhinoceroses is called a crash.
A snail can sleep for 3 years.
Eight of the ten largest statues in the world are of Buddha’s.
If sheep have long tails when they are born, the tails are cut off in order to prevent infection.
Amber-colored rear turn signals are statistically proven to reduce collisions by about 28%.
The fear of vegetables is called Lachanophobia.
Orlando Bloom has swinophobia, which is a fear of pigs!
Michael Jackson’s shiny glove was actually just a modified golf glove.
Bi-weekly has two different definitions: Twice a week or once every two weeks.
Underneath the streets of Beijing, there are over a million people who live in nuclear bunkers.
There is a town in Indiana called Santa Claus.
Madagascar once was a stomping ground for lemurs which were the size of today’s gorillas.
Animals yawn based on how large their brain is. The bigger the brain, the longer they will yawn.
75% of the world’s diet is produced from just 12 plants and five different animal species.
Doug Engelbart created the very first computer mouse from wood in 1964.
The average person takes 12 seconds to count to 24.
There are more storms on Mars when the planet is closer to the sun.
Your earlobes line up with your nipples.
Because of its unique tilt, a single night on Uranus lasts for 21 years.
The blue whale’s heart is the size of a VW Beetle and weighs up to 1,000 lbs (453 kg).
Dogs have a total of 42 teeth when they are fully grown.
Contrary to popular belief, only 45% of the London Underground is actually underground.
Greenland voted to leave the European Union in 1985 and has not rejoined since.
The average household income of the top 1% in the United States is $1,260,508 per year.
Back when dinosaurs existed, there used to be volcanoes that were erupting on the moon.
15% of iPhone users use an iPhone with a broken screen.
In English, twelve is the largest number that has just one syllable.
A 26-sided shape is known as a rhombicuboctahedron.
Despite Mercury being the closest planet to the Sun, Venus is the warmest planet.
Pantheism is the belief that God did not create the universe, but rather the universe is God.
Approximately 1,000,000 dogs in the U.S. are named as the heirs of their owners’ wills.
If you heat up a magnet, it will lose its magnetism.
Saturn is so big that Earth could fit into it a whopping 755 times!
The word “kimono” literally means a “thing to wear.” Ki is “wear,” and mono is “thing.”
At birth, a baby panda is smaller than a mouse.
The KKK headquarters were purchased by the Catholic Church and then turned into a church.
Mercury and Venus are the only two planets in our solar system that do not have any moons.
August 21st is Senior Citizen’s Day – a day to honor the older generation.
Lettuce is a member of the sunflower family.
The odds of being born on February 29th are 1 in 1461.
In America, it is a federal crime to use your roommate or friend’s Netflix account.
Volkswagen owns Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, Audi, Ducati, and Porsche.
The collective name for a group of unicorns is called a blessing.
William Shakespeare had a curse engraved on his tombstone to prevent anyone from moving his bones.
35,000 hectares of peas are grown in the UK in a single year.
Mr. and Mrs. originated from using the words master and mistress.
Zebras have only one toe on each foot.
The atomic number of zinc is 30.
Arctic and Antarctic trace their names to the simple meanings of “Bears” and “Opposite the Bears.”
Elephants think people are cute, the same way people think puppies or kittens are cute.
The color red doesn’t really make bulls angry; they are color-blind.
Jupiter completes a rotation of the Sun every 11.86 years.
Helen Keller was related to Robert E. Lee. Her paternal grandmother was second-cousins with him.
A group of parrots is known as a pandemonium of parrots.
Bob Marley’s last words were, “Money can’t buy life.”
“Schnapsidee” is the German word for a ridiculous idea that only sounds good when you’re drunk.
Both of the drummers from Queen and Duran Duran had the same name – Roger Taylor.
The first spacecraft to visit Mars was Mariner 4 in 1965.
In Switzerland, it is illegal to flush the toilet after 10 pm.
The scientific term for brain freeze is “sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia.”
More tornadoes occur in the United Kingdom per square mile than in any other country in the world.
“Darth Vader” is derived from Old Dutch, meaning “Dark Father.”
It snowed in the Sahara desert for 30 minutes on February 18, 1979.
People who post their fitness routine on Facebook are more likely to have psychological problems.
A single strand of Spaghetti is called a “Spaghetto.”
Every second, the human eye moves about 50 times.
Hershey’s chocolate syrup, Ritz Crackers, DumDums, and Oreos are all suitable for vegans.
Being in a negative relationship can weaken your immune system.
Forgiveness is the number one trait linked to happiness in humans.
The oldest unopened bottle of wine was found in a Roman tomb that is over 1,650 years old.
The only letter that doesn’t appear on the periodic table is J.
Ant queens can live for up to 30 years.
Sweden has the most islands in the world, with 221,800 islands.
A polygon with 30 sides is a triacontagon.
Chocolate ice cream has been proven to significantly reduce emotional and physical pain.
The total weight of all air on Earth is 11 quintillion pounds.
The spiked dog collar was invented by the Ancient Greeks to protect their dogs from wolf attacks.
Alaska is the state which produces the most serial killers.
The unique smell of rain actually comes from plant oils, bacteria, and ozone.
Red pandas have no living relatives – they aren’t even related to giant pandas.
Gatorade was invented to help the Florida Gators Football Team stay hydrated.
People who donate blood in Sweden are sent a text message each time their blood saves a life.
Several of the facts on Snapple caps have been found to be outdated, incorrect, or exaggerated.
The smallest thing ever photographed is the shadow of an atom.
1912 saw the last Olympic gold medals made entirely out of gold.
A standard 12oz jar of honey takes 864 bees to produce.
The world’s longest place name has 85 letters & is located in New Zealand.
The Backpack Kid’s real name is Russell Horning.
Albert Einstein had mastered calculus by the tender age of 15.
Tom Hanks had an asteroid named after him which was called “12818 tomhanks.“
Medical errors are the 6th leading cause of death in the U.S.
After Christianity, the largest religious affiliation in the U.S. is Judaism.
Cats can hear ultrasound.
Crows can remember the faces of individual humans. They can also hold a grudge.
The black-footed cat is the smallest wild cat, at just 20 inches long.
Barry Manilow wrote many famous jingles for companies like McDonald’s, State Farm, and BandAids.
Comets only reflect 4% of the light that falls on them, the rest is absorbed.
The Marshal Mathers foundation for at-risk and disadvantaged youth was founded by Eminem.
It is thought by Russians that eating ice cream will keep you warm.
George Miller – the person who created Mad Max is the same person who created Happy Feet.
Nintendo trademarked the phrase “It’s on like Donkey Kong” in 2010.
In season 5 of Breaking Bad, Aaron Paul (Jesse) was paid $150,000 per episode.
Steven Spielberg was the executive producer of The Animaniacs.
It snows metal on planet Venus! There are two types that have been found, galena and bismuthinite.
If you keep a goldfish in a dark room, it will become pale.
28 is the atomic number of Nickel and the atomic mass of Silicon.
People who eat breakfast feel better both mentally and physically throughout the day.
The name for the shape of Pringles is called “Hyperbolic Paraboloid.”
BuzzFeed sponsored content costs about $20,000 for five or six “articles.”
65% of autistic kids are left-handed, and only 10% of people, in general, are left-handed.
Webster’s Dictionary accidentally had a word that didn’t exist in it for five years – “Dord.”
Out of the 400 species of parrots, there is only one that can’t fly, called the Kakapo parrot.
The least common day to be born is May 22nd.
The largest living thing on earth is a giant sequoia named General Sherman.
The largest Japanese population outside of Japan stands at 1.6 million people who live in Brazil.
Approximately 1 in every 2,000 babies already has a tooth when they are first born.
Small as they may be, ladybugs have a unique smell that humans are incredibly sensitive to.
Iceland does not have a railway system.
The distance from your wrist to your elbow is the same length as your foot.
Canada eats more macaroni and cheese than any other nation in the world.
Eating grapefruit can restrict the effects of 43 different kinds of medications.
Elephants can die of a broken heart if their mate dies.
On average, 97 chickens are killed every 0.05 seconds worldwide.
The National Basketball Association (NBA) was founded on June 6, 1946.
Each day on Neptune lasts for around 16 hours, 6 minutes, and 36 seconds.
Feeding curry to a sheep reduces the amount of methane in its farts by up to 40%.
The original Xbox contained edited snippets of actual transmissions from the Apollo missions.
In Israel, it is illegal to bring bears to the beach.
A red blood cell takes only about 20 seconds to make a complete circuit through your body.
Justin Bieber’s first tweet was at 8:27 pm on May 11, 2009.
The first Primark store opened in Dublin in June 1969 under the name Penney’s.
Cats which have blue eyes for the duration of their lives are likely to be deaf.
Violin bows are commonly made from horse hair.
In Utah, birds have the right of way on a highway.
The full name of the famous Chuck E. Cheese’s mouse is Charles Entertainment Cheese.
A man named Ronald MacDonald robbed Wendy’s in 2005.
Captive tigers in the U.S. alone outnumber the amount of wild tigers worldwide.
The famous Lacoste crocodile symbol was created in 1933 and was the first designer logo ever.
The ten highest mountain summits in the United States are all located in Alaska.
While dinosaurs roamed the earth, they lived on every continent, including Antarctica.
According to scientists, the weight of the average cumulus cloud is 1.1 million pounds.
The flashes of colored light you see when you rub your eyes are called “phosphenes.”
The process by which bread toasts is called the “Maillard Reaction.”
85% of Valentine’s Day Cards are bought by women.
Ewok Jerky was a popular snack across the Outer Rim in the Star Wars Universe.
The average American child is given $3.70 per tooth that falls out.
About 25% of all blood from the heart goes into the kidneys.
Valentine’s Day in South Korea is a little different. Only women give gifts, not men.
The voice of Stargazer in Mass Effect 3 was done by Buzz Aldrin.
Ed Sheeran has a ketchup bottle tattooed on his arm.
Garlic is known to attract leeches.
There is a British chocolate scientist who insured her taste buds for £1 million.
A 2017 survey found Paraguay to be the happiest country in the world for the second year in a row.
In Japan, Domino’s started testing pizza delivery via reindeer in 2016.
Dinosaurs would swallow large rocks which stayed in their stomach to help churn and digest food.
Malta’s official language is Maltese; however, the majority of the population also speaks English.
Without saliva, humans are unable to taste food.
If you multiply 1089 x 9, you get the exact reverse, 9801.
Dylan Dauzat‘s fanbase is known as “Dylanators.”
In 1866, The United States purchased Alaska from Russia for $7.2 million by writing a check.
The fear of cooking is known as Mageirocophobia and is a recognized phobia.
The first movie ever to put out a motion-picture soundtrack was Snow White and the Seven Dwarves.
San Marino is the fifth smallest country in the world (and the third smallest in Europe).
In the original Psycho movie, the blood in the famous shower scene was actually chocolate syrup.
The average computer user blinks seven times a minute, the normal rate is twenty times per minute.
Ancient Roman surgeons were trained to block out the screams of human pain.
One of the smartest bird species is the magpie. They can even recognize themselves in mirrors.
Angelina Jolie performed her own stunts whilst filming Lara Croft: Tomb Raider.
Alongside Sudoku, chess has been named one of the best ways to improve the mind and memory.
Nicki Minaj is acrophobic, meaning she is afraid of heights.
Every Pixar movie contains a reference to the Pixar movie that comes after it.
Videogames have been found to be more effective at battling depression than therapy.
Daniel Radcliffe identifies as Jewish, and his mother is Jewish too.
Your brain uses 20% of the total oxygen in your body.
The word robot comes from the Czech “robota.” This translates into forced labor or work.
The Twenty One Pilots fan base is known as the Skeleton Clique.
An 11-year-old girl proposed the name for Pluto after the Roman god of the Underworld.
Originally, the Pokémon Vulpix was going to be called “FoxFire.”
The Stockholm archipelago has more islands than the Pacific Ocean, at around 30,000.
The famous line in Titanic from Leonardo DiCaprio, “I’m king of the world!” was improvised.
In the U.S., around ¾ of all houses possess at least 1 jar of peanut butter.
March 3rd is known as “What if Cats and Dogs Had Opposable Thumbs Day.”
The average human heart beats 3.6 million times a year.
There are over 6,000 known species of grass.
The first 4th of July celebration was in 1777.
Vanilla flavoring is sometimes made with the urine of beavers.
In 2014, Princeton researchers determined that Facebook would lose 80% of its users by 2017.
The tall chef’s hat is called a toque.
Dinosaurs that could run using just two legs are referred to as bipeds.
On one slow news day on April 18, 1930, a BBC radio announcer blatantly said, “there is no news.”
27,000 trees are cut down every day to supply the world’s toilet paper.
Abraham Lincoln loved cats and once let one eat from the table during a formal White House dinner.
Even though Irish is the official language of Ireland, Polish is more widely spoken.
In every scene of Fight Club, there is a Starbucks coffee cup.
The total spend on adult Halloween costumes each year in America is $1.5 billion.
Ralph Lauren’s real name was Ralph Lifshitz.
The Shawn Mendes EP reached Number 1 on iTunes in 37 minutes.
In Australia, there are nearly twice the amount of kangaroos as there are humans.
A cluster of bananas is called a “hand.” Along that theme, a single banana is called a “finger.”
There are no visual differences between male and female herons.
Fungus is more closely related to animals on a genetic level than they are to plants.The tongue is the only muscle in one’s body that is attached from one end.
Reindeer are one of the only mammals that can see UV light.
In California, you can get a ticket if you’re driving too slowly.
Cookie Monster’s real name is Sid.
Only 2% of the world’s population has green eyes.
The island in Lake Bled is the only natural island in Slovenia.
Baby owls are called “owlettes.”
The first Game Boy could run for a staggering 30 hours on only two AA batteries!
Meghan Trainor has Nyctophobia, which is a huge fear of the dark.
Cranes are built using cranes.
When water freezes to ice cubes, it will take up 9% more volume.
The little piece of paper sticking out of a Hershey’s Kiss is called a niggly wiggly.
The first band to ever perform live on all seven continents was Metallica.
The average life expectancy of a toucan is a very impressive 20 years.
If a Polar Bear and a Grizzly Bear mate, their offspring is called a “Pizzy Bear.”
When double rainbows occur, the colors of the second arc are always reversed.
By applying even pressure to an egg, it is nearly impossible to break the shell by squeezing it.
Kangaroos keep growing until they die. They are the world’s largest marsupial.
Egg yolks are one of the few foods that naturally contain Vitamin D.
An adult’s kidney weighs about 5 ounces (142 grams) and is the size of a fist.
The word “friends” is said in every episode of Friends.
When Nike first started, it was called Blue Ribbon Sports. The name was changed in 1971.
Herring fish communicate by using flatulence.
August 17th is known as Black Cat Appreciation Day.
The tallest mountain in our solar system, Olympus Mons, is 3 times taller than Mount Everest.
The most used hashtags on Instagram are #love, #instagood, #me, #cute and #follow.
It takes Uranus 84 years to orbit the Sun once.
Hanson made a beer called “Mmmhops.” They give away a free song with every bottle.
January 17th is known as “Ditch New Year’s Resolution Day.”
The pumpkin is a member of the cucurbit family, which are gourds, such as cucumbers and squashes.
America consumes almost 50% of the world’s chocolate.
Walter Hunt, a man from America, invented the safety pin back in 1849.
The first-ever documented feature film was made in Australia in 1906.
During the Aztec reign, a slave could be bought for 100 cocoa beans.
There are more than 70 species of mushrooms that glow in the dark.
Tic Tacs got their name from the sound they make when they are tossed around in their container.
