The largest man-made structure in the world is the Great Wall of China, which is over 13,000 miles long.
There are more possible iterations of a game of chess than there are atoms in the observable universe.
The world's smallest artery in the human body is the arteriole.
The world's largest reptile is the saltwater crocodile, which can grow up to 23 feet long.
The world's longest bone in the human body is the femur bone in the thigh.
The world's largest cave is the Hang Son Doong Cave in Vietnam, which is over three miles long.
The world's smallest cell in the human body is the male sperm
The first recorded Olympic Games were held in 776 BC in Olympia, Greece.
The world's largest animal is the blue whale, which can weigh over 200 tons.
The longest living animal on record was a clam that lived to be 507 years old.
A newborn kangaroo is about 1 inch long.
A snail can sleep for up to three years.
The world's largest spider by leg-span is the Goliath Birdeater, which can grow to be almost a foot across.
The world's largest flower is the Rafflesia arnoldii, which can grow up to three feet in diameter and weigh up to 22 pounds.
The world's fastest muscle in the human body is the orbicularis oculi muscle in the eye.
The world's largest living organism is a fungus that covers over 2,200 acres in Oregon.
The average person spends six months of their life waiting for red lights to turn green.
A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
The first recorded use of the word "computer" was in 1613.
The world's largest amphibian is the Chinese giant salamander, which can grow up to six feet long.
The oldest known song is a hymn to the Sumerian goddess of beer, dating back to 3400 BC.
The world's largest carnivorous marsupial is the Tasmanian devil, which can weigh up to 26 pounds.
The longest river in the world is the Nile, measuring over 4,000 miles.
The deepest part of the ocean is the Challenger Deep, located in the Mariana Trench, which is almost 7 miles deep.
The world's smallest muscle in the human body is the stapedius muscle in the ear.
The world's largest crustacean is the Japanese Spider Crab, which can have a leg span of up to 13 feet.
The world's rarest blood type in the human population is type AB.
The world's largest moth is the Atlas Moth, which can have a wingspan of up to a foot and a half.
The world's largest rodent is the capybara, which can grow up to four feet long and weigh up to 140 pounds.
The oldest known joke is over 3,500 years old and comes from ancient Sumeria.
The world's smallest fish is the Paedocypris fish, which is less than a third of an inch long.
The tallest tree in the world is a redwood named Hyperion, which stands over 379 feet tall.
The smallest country in the world is Vatican City, which has a population of about 800 people.
The world's largest desert is Antarctica.
The tallest waterfall in the world is Angel Falls in Venezuela, which has a height of 979 meters (3,212 feet).
The world's largest mammalian predator is the polar bear, which can weigh up to 1,500 pounds.
The world's largest freshwater lake by volume is Lake Baikal in Russia, which contains 20% of the world's unfrozen fresh water.
The world's smallest gland in the human body is the pineal gland in the brain.
The world's largest diamond is the Cullinan Diamond, which was discovered in South Africa in 1905 and weighed over 3,000 carats.
The world's largest gland in the human body is the liver.
The world's largest island is Greenland, which is over three times the size of Texas.
A blue whale's heart is so large, a human could swim through its arteries.
The longest word in English has 189,819 letters and would take over three hours to pronounce.
An octopus has three hearts.
The shortest complete sentence in the English language is "I am."
The world's largest iceberg was over 200 miles long and 60 miles wide.
The world's smallest reptile is the Jaragua lizard, which is less than an inch long.
The world's largest artery in the human body is the aorta.
The world's smallest mammal in terms of length is the Kitti's hog-nosed bat, which is only 29-33 millimeters (1.14-1.3 inches) long.
The shortest war in history was between Britain and Zanzibar, lasting only 38 minutes.
The highest mountain in the solar system is Olympus Mons on Mars, which is three times taller than Mount Everest.
The world's largest sculpture is the Spring Temple Buddha in China, which stands at 128 meters (420 feet) tall.
The world's largest river by volume is the Amazon, which carries more water than the next ten largest rivers combined.
The shortest commercial flight in the world is only 2 minutes long.
The world's largest vein in the human body is the vena cava.
The world's smallest bone in the human body is the stapes bone in the ear.
The shortest war in American history was the Aroostook War, which lasted only four days.
The Great Barrier Reef is the largest living structure on Earth.
The tallest living animal in the world is the giraffe, which can grow up to 18 feet tall.
The oldest living animal is a 507-year-old clam named Ming.
The world's largest swimming pool is over 1,000 yards long and covers over 20 acres.
The oldest known fossilized footprint was found in Tanzania and is approximately 3.7 million years old.
The longest word in the English language is 189,819 letters long and is the chemical name for the protein Titin.
The world's smallest primate is the pygmy marmoset, which is only five inches long.
Honey never spoils.
The world's strongest muscle in the human body is the masseter muscle in the jaw.
The world's most common blood type in the human population is type O.
The Earth's atmosphere weighs about 5.5 quadrillion tons.
The world's largest muscle in the human body is the gluteus maximus muscle in the buttocks.
The world's largest land predator is the Kodiak bear, which can weigh up to 1,500 pounds.
The oldest surviving printed book is the Diamond Sutra, printed in China in 868 AD.
The world's largest flower is the Rafflesia arnoldii, which can grow up to three feet in diameter.
The Great Wall of China is not visible from space with the naked eye.
The Great Barrier Reef is home to over 1,500 species of fish.
The world's largest carnivorous marsupial is the Tasmanian.
The world's smallest mammal in terms of body mass is the Etruscan shrew, which weighs less than a penny.
The world's largest butterfly is the Queen Alexandra's Birdwing, which can have a wingspan of up to a foot.
The world's smallest vein in the human body is the venule.
The world's largest marsupial is the red kangaroo, which can grow up to seven feet tall.
The world's smallest mammal is the bumblebee bat, which weighs less than a penny.
The oldest known living tree is over 5,000 years old.
The world's smallest bird is the bee hummingbird, which is only two and a half inches long.
The world's largest organ in the human body is the skin.
The world's smallest marsupial is the long-tailed planigale, which is only two inches long.
The oldest known tree in the world is a Great Basin bristlecone pine named Methuselah, which is over 4,800 years old.
The world's smallest mammal in terms of skull size is the bumblebee bat, which has a skull less than a half inch long.
The tallest building in the world is the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, standing at 828 meters (2,716 feet) tall.
The longest wedding veil on record was almost 23 football fields long.
The world's largest mammal is the blue whale, which can grow to be over 100 feet long.
The world's largest recorded snowflake measured 15 inches across and 8 inches thick.
The largest active volcano in the world is Mauna Loa in Hawaii.
The world's largest desert is actually the continent of Antarctica.
The longest place name in the world is Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiwhenuakitanatahu, a hill in New Zealand.
The largest desert in Africa is the Sahara Desert, covering over 9 million square kilometers (3.6 million square miles).
The world's largest snowflake on record was 15 inches wide and 8 inches thick.
The largest religion in the world is Christianity, with over 2.4 billion followers.
The world's largest fish is the whale shark, which can grow up to 40 feet long.
Giraffes have the same number of neck vertebrae as humans, but they are much longer.
The world's largest bird is the ostrich, which can grow up to 9 feet tall.
Humans have only explored about 5% of the ocean.
The smallest country in the world is Vatican City, with an area of just 44 hectares (110 acres).
The Eiffel Tower can be up to six inches taller on a hot day.
The world's largest cell in the human body is the female egg cell.
The fastest animal on land is the cheetah, which can run up to 75 mph.
The world's smallest bird is the bee hummingbird, which is about the size of a bee.
The world's fastest nerve in the human body is the optic nerve in the eye.
The world's largest insect is the Goliath Beetle, which can grow up to four inches long.
The world's tallest waterfall is Angel Falls in Venezuela, measuring over 3,200 feet tall.